doc: Document server behavior for scheduling confirmed downlinks (#778)
TheThingsIndustries/lorawan-stack-docs: doc/content/devices/confirmed-downlinks-behavior/_index.md

In general, upon receiving the next uplink message with an ACK flag, the Network Server decrypts the uplink message and generates the `downlink ack` message. The Application Server receives the `downlink ack` message and  forwards it further to the integrations.

Similar to that, if the next uplink message with a NACK flag is received, the Network Server decrypts the uplink, generates the `downlink nack` message and sends it to the Application Server. The Application Server then forwards the `downlink nack` to integrations and regenerates the downlink. 

Sending a downlink happens only after an uplink for class A devices. If a NACK is received from a class A device, the downlink will automatically be re-encrypted and resent.

> On the othed hand, for class B and class C devices, the server behavior for confirmed downlinks is a bit different. The difference arises from the fact that downlinks for class B and class C devices can be sent as part of the downlink slot, without previously receiving an uplink. Uplinks, that carry the ACK/NACK flag, can be sent by these devices at irregular intervals. If the confirmed downlink is sent to the end device, the Network Server will not generate the `downlink ack/nack` message until the next uplink arrives, so the downlink will not be automatically resent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the other hand, for class B and class C devices, the server behavior for confirmed downlinks is a bit different. The difference arises from the fact that downlinks for class B and class C devices can be sent as part of the network initiated downlink slot, without previously receiving an uplink. Uplinks, that carry the ACK/NACK flag, can be sent by these devices at irregular intervals. After the confirmed downlink is transmitted to the end device, the Network Server will not generate the `downlink ack/nack` message until the next uplink arrives, so the downlink will not be automatically resent in case the end device does not reply to the transmission.
```
